# LangchainQAChatbot: Natural Language Question-Answering Chatbot

This project implements a question-answering chatbot using Python and Streamlit, integrating the Langchain language model and the OpenAI API for language understanding. The application is deployed on Hugging Face Spaces and can be accessed [here](https://huggingface.co/spaces/pareekshitreddy/LangchainQAChatbot).

## Features:

- **Question-Answering**: Provides answers to user queries based on natural language input.
- **End-To-End Solution**: From inputting questions to receiving answers, this app offers a complete solution.
- **Language Understanding**: Utilizes Langchain and OpenAI API for accurate language understanding and response generation.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Designed for ease of use and intuitive interaction.
- **Fast and Responsive**: Delivers quick responses to user queries.

## How to Use:

1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone this repository to your local machine.
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/pareekshitreddy/LangchainQAChatbot
    ```

2. **Install Dependencies**: Navigate to the project directory and install dependencies.
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

3. **Run the Application**: Execute the following command in your terminal to run the application locally.
    ```bash
    streamlit run app.py
    ```

4. **Ask Questions**: Enter your questions in natural language format into the provided text input field.

5. **Get Answers**: Click on the 'Submit' button to receive answers generated by the chatbot.

## Technologies Used:

- **Python**: Backend server environment and application logic.
- **Streamlit**: Web application framework for building interactive web applications.
- **Langchain**: Utilized for natural language understanding.
- **OpenAI API**: Integrated for enhanced language understanding capabilities.

## Future Improvements:

- **Enhanced Language Support**: Incorporate support for additional languages to cater to a wider user base.
- **Improved Answer Accuracy**: Implement strategies to enhance the accuracy and relevancy of generated answers.
- **Contextual Understanding**: Introduce context awareness to provide more relevant responses based on conversation history.
- **User Interaction Enhancements**: Add features for better user interaction and engagement, such as voice input and output.
